Boundary Docs (#2900)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/overview/bastion-hosts.mdx

You can use SSH or RDP to inject the credentials of any target resources that you want to connect to using Boundary, so that the credentials are never exposed to the user while establishing a connection.
Alternatively, Boundary can return brokered credentials back to users (if permitted), which could take the form of API tokens, usernames and passwords, public keys, etc.

### Can Boundary replace a bastion/jumphost access model?

Yes, in many cases you can use Boundary as a replacement for an existing bastion host-based access model to infrastructure.
The advantages to Boundary's access model are outlined above.

### Can Boundary extend a bastion/jumphost access model?

Yes, some users may see value in Boundary providing access to an existing bastion host deployment.

> See also [Boundary vs. VPNs](/boundary/docs/overview/vpn) and [Boundary vs. privileged access management](/boundary/docs/overview/pam).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to also [Boundary vs. VPNs](/boundary/docs/overview/vpn) and [Boundary vs. privileged access management](/boundary/docs/overview/pam).
```

Reviewer: Per our standards for accessibility
